Adds content to alert react examples (#7782)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Alert/examples/Alert.md

</React.Fragment>
```

If no `variant` property is specified, then the variant will be set to default. Otherwise, use the following variants:

| Variant | Description |
|---|---|
| Default | Use for generic messages with no associated severity |
| Info | Use for general informational messages |
| Success | Use to indicate that a task or process has been completed successfully |
| Warning | Use to indicate that a non-critical error has occurred|
| Danger | Use to indicate that a critical or blocking error has occurred |

### Alert variations

PatternFly supports a number of properties and variations that can be used to add extra content to an alert. 

* Use the `actionLinks` property to add one or more `AlertActionLink` components that place links beneath the alert message. You must pass in `href` and `component="a"` properties to have an `AlertActionLink` act as a proper link, rather than as a button.

> * Links may also be added within the alert message using an `href`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Links may also be added within the alert message using a native HTML `<a>` element.  
```

* Use the `actionClose` property to add an `AlertActionCloseButton` component, which can be used to manage and customize alert dismissals.

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd add an additional bullet here since we demonstrate manipulating the headingLevel of the alert in the last couple alerts in the following example.
For accessibility reasons, it's recommended that people nest headings by their level and avoid skipping heading ranks when possible since it can be confusing (Make sure that a `h2` is not followed directly by an `h4`, for example)

</React.Fragment>
```

### Alert variations

PatternFly supports several properties and variations that can be used to add extra content to an alert. 

* As demonstrated in the 1st variation below, use the `actionLinks` property to add one or more `AlertActionLink` components that place links beneath the alert message. You must pass in `href` and `component="a"` properties to have an `AlertActionLink` act as a proper link, rather than as a button.

* As demonstrated in the 2nd variation below, use a native HTML `<a>` element to add links within an alert message.

* As demonstrated in the 3rd and 4th variations below, use the `actionClose` property to add an `AlertActionCloseButton` component, which can be used to manage and customize alert dismissals. `actionClose` can be used with or without the presence of `actionLinks`.

> * As demonstrated in the 5th and 6th variations below, order headings by their level and avoid skipping heading levels when possible to avoid confusion. For example, a heading of an h2 level should not be followed directly by an h4.

Reviewer: Could we mention the `titleHeadingLevel` property here, similar to the other bullets, and wrap the h2 and h4 in backticks?

</React.Fragment>
```

### Plain inline alert variations

> It is not recommended to use an inline plain alert with `actionClose` nor `actionLinks`.

Reviewer: As far as this PR goes, I think we should add a quick statement as to why one shouldn't do this.

As a possible follow-up, I feel like this example and the previous one could be combined into one, with the warning of not using `actionClose` and `actionLinks` being added onto the description of the previous example. Mainly I'm not sure if just adding a description should really be considered a variation of an alert.

</Alert>
```

> ### Live region alert examples

Reviewer: The inclusion of live region examples for the alert component may need discussion, though I personally would lean towards omitting them on the Alert page. The updated a11y guidelines from https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-org/pull/3040 doesn't include the `isLiveRegion` prop in the React table, since we recommend using Alert Group for alerts that need a live region.

Since two of the live region examples are also showing the live region functionality via the Alert Group, they feel more like demos than anything (this can be a followup issue). @mcarrano what do you think?

Reviewer 3: I think my only concern with leaving it off is that users will want to have one single dynamic alert, not think to go to the AlertGroup page and will just conditionally render the Alert component on their own without seeing how to do it accessibly. I think it could be fine to leave off the example, as long as we consider how we're going to make sure that these users know how to add an accessible dynamic alert.

Reviewer 2: Even if they have one single dynamic alert - they need to have the AlertGroup live region waiting to house that alert, right? If we want to keep the single alert example, I might advocate for using the AlertGroup in it to match our recommendation.

Reviewer: That's a fair point @jessiehuff. Depending how we intend for users to use the Alert Group (only when more than 1 alert is used vs when at least 1 alert is used), I'd be fine with keep an example on the Alert page and going with Nicole's suggestion above of using AlertGroup in these Alert examples (which only the static live region example would need to be updated)
